start
You find yourself in a dark dungeon. You are sitting on a book.
stand up:standing,sleep:sleeping
standing
You bonk your head on the low ceiling of the room you are in. You still can't see a thing, but you feel chilly wind blowing on you from your right.
follow the wind:withoutbook,pickup the book:withbookstanding
withbookstanding
You now have the book, but it is of no use, because you have no light source and cannot read it. You can still feel the chilly wind blowing on you.
follow the wind:withbookwind
withbookwind
You hit the wall as you find the wind is blowing from a pipe. You suddenly hear scary scream from the pipe.
shout in the pipe:shouted,stay silent:silent
withoutbook
You decide to leave the book laying on the ground and follow the wind. But you hit the wall as you find the wind is blowing from a pipe. You suddenly hear scary scream from the pipe.
shout in the pipe:shouted,stay silent:silent
shouted
"Hello? Is anyone there?" You shout in the pipe. Nobody is answering.
stay silent:silent,shout again:angery
angery
"Hello! I heard your scream! I know you're there!" you shout in the pipe. You can hear sound of snake rattling in the pipe.
block the pipe with the book:blocked,look in the pipe:snakecome
blocked
You decide to use the book to block the pipe. The rattle snake hits the book and makes angry rattle sounds again. You are becoming sleepy.
sleep:diesleep,block the pipe with the book:blocked
diesleep
You fall asleep using the book as a pillow. You feel slight tickle on your neck. It's the snake's teeth! You realize you have no help, as you start to die slowly.
panic:panic
panic
With nothing else left, you start to panic as you feel your senses slowly fading away.
panic:ending
ending
With all that, you wake up in your bed and realize it was all just a scary dream. You hear your teapot preparing some tea and realize that is what was the angry snake hissing.

snakecome
As you decide not to block the pipe, snake comes out of the pipe.
hit the snake with the book:hit,wait:snakespeak
hit
You hit the snake with the book. The snake angrily hisses at you and then it dies. You are now too sleepy to do anything other than sleep.
sleep:sleeping
snakespeak
The snake hisses at you, but you feel somewhat unusual about the hissing. You feel like it's trying to talk to you. After that, the snake falls asleep next to you keeping you conveniently warm. You are also tired, so you decide to give in.
sleep:sleeping
silent
Out of fear, you decide to stay silent. You are slowly becoming sleepy.
sleep:sleeping
crying
You can now hear crying in the pipe.
shout in the pipe:shouted,stay silent:silent
sleeping
You use the book as your pillow and slowly fall asleep. ZzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZzzzzzzzzzZZZzzzzzZZzzzZZzzzzzzzZZzzzzZZzzzzzzzZZZZZzzzzZZzzzzzZzzz.
wake up:morning
morning
Sleeping on the ground was no good. Sunlight is shining on you from above through bars. You wonder how you ended up in this place.
read the book:book
book
You finally decide to open the book hoping you would find out what happened. As you open the book, you wake up and realize it was all just a dream.

